education isn't really where it's at
there's money in other
markets some people make money through
education by speaking at
conferences I hate those kind of revenue
streams the thing that people really
want to pay for is the end
[Music]
result all right so we're going to talk
about if education is a good Revenue
stream Neil do you want to set the tone
for this one sure so a lot of marketers
and entrepreneurs are making money by
doing things like selling eBooks or
selling courses or doing webinars and
then selling them on some you know
educational based package uh whether
it's a certification even and then to go
one level deeper some people make money
through education by speaking at
conferences I used to be one of those
people heck I used to also be one of
those people that charge for ebooks and
the real question comes to is those kind
of revenue streams good and you know
curious to hear your thoughts Eric on my
end I think you already know the answer
I hate those kind of revenue streams I
think they're very shortsighted they
don't have most of potential out there
there's nothing wrong with them um I
think charging to speak at conferences
again is
shortsighted and there's much much
better revenue streams and I can go into
some of them but um Eric curious to hear
your thoughts first I I know if you know
this Neil if you saw the the stock
report from CH they just dropped 40%
Pearson which is a large education
company as well they they they're stock
tanked as well because where education
is going AI is commoditizing a lot of
these education firms I think education
is going to be completely reshaped if
you do a course or if you do a eBook I
think the best thing you can do is just
give it away instead of going for
Revenue aim for reach yeah so Eric has a
spot on AIM for reach but to add to that
there's typically a better model than
education see education gives people the
knowledge knowledge is great but as Eric
mentioned it's commone tized the thing
that people really want to pay for is
the end result so if you look at Fitness
instead of selling education on how to
get more fit if you look at the
supplement companies they make way more
money than the educational based
companies if you look at like the pelons
the climers the tonals some of them do
well some of them not so much why
because people will pay for the
equipment to help you get the results
and there's more perceived value versus
some Tex that you can just sell over and
over again or a video that you can sell
over and over again on the flip side if
you look at my company I used to charge
for ebooks well people just want more
traffic they don't want to read a book
on how to get more traffic gave away the
book for free instead of charging for it
sold services and we created one of the
21st fastest growing companies uh
according to Inc in the United States
the model was just better because when
we were selling the ebooks and we even
tried selling high-end coaching or
educational coaching what people would
tell us is hey can we just pay you more
money to do it for us and that's what
allowed me to really realize that whoa
education isn't really where it's at
there's money in other markets that are
are selling other products and services
because it's a much bigger quote unquote
Tam uh another example of this is I used
to charge for speaking sometimes I still
do uh but majority of times I'm looking
for the right events I don't really care
for the money I'm in Brazil right now
Ericson turkey his Mastermind I'm here
in Brazil for websummit I have meetings
with Whirlpool Nestle uh Michelin and
the list goes on and on of really large
corporations I have a a meeting with
their largest insurance company here in
Brazil and we have a team in Brazil we
have a whole uh Brazil and we even have
a whole Latin America division but for
me I don't care for the money from
speaking Closing one of these deals
would make me way more money in profit
over time than just charging 20 30 50
100 Grand whatever it may be to speak
don't really charge a 100 I also don't
really charge 2030 but let's say my
average is 50 Grand you know the money
doesn't make sense it's better to go try
to close a multi-million dollar contract
than it is to charge $50,000 plus travel
yeah so two more things to add for my
side so for me it's how do I continue to
grow my brand around marketing but use
my monetization vehicle the agency is a
monetization vehicle you build the
audience first and you can you can leave
with education there if you want if it
makes sense for you and then you figure
out a better monetization engine what
I've learned is that The Grass Is Always
Greener where you water it before we we
go is even if you look at the largest
education Yale Harvard what do they have
they have endowments right and so they
take all the money that they have have
and now they're just PL they found a
better monetization vehicle and they're
just plugging it into their their
endowments right and they're getting a
nice return on those dude so check this
out all right okay so the Harvard
endowment right now is 53 billion all
right so if someone has $53 billion
let's say the average return is you want
to call it 7% Eric that's
3.71 million doar if you just invest in
the S&P you should average more than 7%
I think the average was 9% but even if
you take you know 9% that's $
4.77 billion dollar you can bet they
make more money and profit from that
than they do from uh uh charging for
people to attend college now if you have
any questions leave a comment below I'm
here to answer them and help you out if
you enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much